Wardriving on Android was throttled by an Android Update which places a hard cap on Applications attempting to run scans. This was a security patch.

User applications can not scan as often as they want anymore and it will not be fixed within Android anytime soon. https://wigle.net/phpbb/viewtopic.php?t=2669
Unfortunately the current workarounds for updated versions of Android involve rooting the device for access to developer features, an option which I cannot settle for. 

----

I am considering using a Raspberry Pi Zero W to bypass the throttling.
As this is an Android issue, Raspbian and other ARM based Operating systems should be unaffected.

There exist ‘GPS Passthrough’ applications which are used to allow Android Devices to function as a USB based GPS chip for use by another device.
However, it is likely that this is also throttled in a similar way to WiFi scanning; therefore an actual USB/GPIO <based> GPS Dongle would be more fruitful and require fewer powered devices. (Just power the Pi Zero W, rather than a Pi && an Android feeding it a GPS Signal.)
How much do these chips cost and what is the user experience like configuring them? (Scripts) 

A Monitor Mode capable wireless interface card can be used to obtain more data. 
(Client devices in addition to the Access Points.)

Does WiGLE fully support storage of all KML format data or will I NEED to keep my own backup for client data. 
(Should be keeping a backup anyway but is WiGLE going to truncate my uploaded data sets?)

Scripts to quickly configure scan rates and types, thus adjusting power consumption.
(More important when operating on battery power.)

BONUS Ideas:
Software Defined Radio can be included to use as a radar detector and/or methods to attempt to detect OTHER devices which are probing for information. (Find the other war drivers)

Include a small display OR run headlessly OR offer Remote View over its own Network

Platform to access and modify from a local Phone, and/or send notification back to the phone.
(ie Radar Warning) via Bluetooth? WiFi? Some non-Internet facing Web Server?

LED Warning Light (Cheap GPIO part && more Subtle than an entire display or SFX

**I should rebuild my Amazon driven blog with parts needed for the build.\
Gateway project has potential to emulate something like CreepyDOL (Creepy Distributed Object Locator) which I viewed in a DefCon Video. <https://blog.ussjoin.com/2013/08/creepydol.html>
